How to get the last element of list? 

Given a list, write a Python program to check if all the values in a list are less than the given value. 

Input: list = [11, 22, 33, 44, 55]  

  value = 22  

Output: No 

Given a list, write a Python program to swap first and last element of the list. 

Program to check if first and the last characters of string are equal. 

Python program to print negative numbers in a list 

Given a list of numbers, write a Python program to count positive and negative numbers in a List. 

Given a list of numbers, write a Python program to find the sum of all the elements in the list. 

Given a list, write a Python program to covert the given list to string. 

 

 ? None 

This is a special constant used to denote a null value or a void. It's important to remember, 0, any empty container (e.g. empty list) do not compute to None. 
It is an object of its own datatype – NoneType. It is not possible to create multiple None objects and can assign it to variables 

? assert 

This function is used for debugging purposes. Usually used to check the correctness of code. If a statement evaluated to true, nothing happens, but when it is false, “AssertionError” is raised. One can also print a message with the error, separated by a comma. 

? Strings are Immutable 
Once a string is defined, it cannot be changed 

 

? map – The map () function applies a function to every member of iterable and returns the result. If there are multiple arguments, map () returns a list consisting of tuples containing the corresponding items from all iterables. 
  
? filter – It takes a function returning True or False and applies it to a sequence, returning a list of only those members of the sequence for which the function returned True. 
  
? lambda- Python provides the ability to create a simple (no statements allowed internally) anonymous inline function called lambda function. Using lambda and map you can have two for loops in one line 

 

Lists are just like the arrays. A single list may contain DataTypes like Integers, Strings, as well as Objects. Lists are mutable, and hence, they can be altered even after their creation. In Python, list is a type of container in Data Structures, which is used to store multiple data at the same time 
